(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
NARRATOR: The Lion Guard,
"The River of Patience."
Poa.
The Tree of Life
is huge!
Yes, it is.
Now, follow me.
Heyvi kabisa.
Grandmother. As requested,
I have brought Kion
and the Lion Guard.
Lion Guard?
This is Queen Janna,
Guardian of
the Tree of Life.
Be welcome here.
Thank you,
Your Majesty.
My friend Ono and I
have come
to be healed.
Step closer,
Kion and Ono.
You have
the Mark of the Guard.
You are from
the Pride Lands then?
Uh, yeah.
Indeed.
And so, the Roar
has returned.
KION: You know
about the Roar?
Of course, Kion.
I take it that
Rafiki sent you here?
Yes. Ono's eyes are hurt.
And my scar...
I can't control the Roar.
So, I have heard. Nirmala?
Nirmala is a fierce warrior.
But she is also
a gentle healer.
(WHISPERING)
Ono, healing your sight
will be simple.
But the remedy will take
a few days to prepare.
Thank you,
Your Majesty.
Kion? Your ailments
are more complicated.
It is more than just a scar.
Your healing
will take time.
And patience.
Then I'd like to start
right away.
I'm sure you would.
Nirmala?
We'll begin today.
Thank you,
Your Majesty.
This way, Kion.
Rani? Please show
our other guests around.
Show them around?
But I...
Baliyo and Surak can handle
the Night Pride's duties
for now.
You must continue
to take on the duties
that I cannot perform.
(SIGHS)
Yes. Of course.
Follow me.
Little Makini.
Please stay.
You remember me?
Of course.
Though you were
much smaller
when you and your parents
came here to meet Rafiki.
(SCREAMS) Yes!
This is where Rafiki said
I'd be a Royal Mjuzi someday!
He started my training!
And we will continue
your training here,
if you'd like.
(GASPS) I'd be honored!
NIRMALA: This is Dirisha.
The River of Patience.
And this is where
you'll heal my scar?
So I can control the Roar?
This is the first
of many steps
on your journey
to healing.
How long's it gonna take?
That depends on you.
As Queen Janna said,
you must have patience.
Look at the top
of that ridge.
Do you see
the bright orange flower?
KION: Yeah?
I need you
to bring it to me.
I'll be right back.
Easy, Kion.
Arama karo.
You need to follow
my instructions.
First, you'll need to wait
for a log to float past.
Hop onto the log,
and ride it down the river.
Once you reach that
sandy bank, jump off.
Then take the winding path
up to the top of the ridge.
Wouldn't it be faster
just to swim
across the river?
Then climb the ridge
to get to the flower?
Possibly. But the fast way
isn't always the best way.
Where have I heard
that before?
(SIGHS) Okay.
I'll try it your way.
So where are the logs?
One will come.
Yeah, but how long
is that gonna take?
It could be days!
Then we wait for days.
(SIGHS LOUDLY)
Fine.
RANI: You might wonder
what makes the Tree of Life
such a special place.
Wow.
Poa.
RANI: As you can see,
the Tree of Life is home
to every kind of habitat.
♪ Welcome to the Tree of Life
♪ A wondrous mystic place
♪ We're living life in harmony
♪ It's what we all embrace
♪ So if you need healing
♪ Shelter free
of sorrow and strife
♪ You will be welcome
♪ Welcome to the Tree of Life
♪ Desert, forest,
tundra, plain
♪ Are brought together here
♪ So animals from near and far
♪ Live in peace
and without fear
♪ So if you need healing
♪ Shelter free
of sorrow and strife
♪ You will be welcome
♪ Welcome to the Tree of Life
♪ Respect for fellow animals
♪ Is all you need to stay
♪ All you need to stay
♪ But no one living here
♪ Would want it
any other way
♪ So if you need healing
♪ Shelter free
of sorrow and strife
♪ Know you are welcome
♪ Welcome to the Tree of Life
♪ You know you are welcome
♪ Welcome to the
Tree of Life ♪
All are welcome here,
as long as they respect
the Circle of Life.
(MAKUCHA CHUCKLING LOUDLY)
Almost there.
Soon all those rare,
delicious animals
will be ours!
You sure, Makucha?
I cannot see
the Tree of Life anywhere.
Ora. I'm following
their scent.
Yes. The honey badger's
stink is unforgettable.
Chuluun. Ora.
Listen up.
This is what
we're gonna do.
I don't take orders
from anyone.
Nor do I!
My venom
can knock you both
down for a week.
Hoo?
Then all those rare animals
will be mine.
(ULLU HOOTING)
Hold up, everyone.
(WHISPERING)
Tour's over. Gotta go.
What was that?
I don't know.
But something's up.
(KION SIGHS IN EXASPERATION)
I could have waited
for logs back
in the Pride Lands.
But Rafiki sent you here
to be healed.
Doubtless because
Askari first discovered
the Roar at Cikha Escarpment,
not far from here.
What? He did?
Finally!
(GRUNTS)
Whoa!
Try again.
(SIGHS)
And we're waiting. Again.
RANI: Nirmala!
(GASPS)
Come quickly. We need you!
Do you need me too?
Yes. We need you
to stay here
and focus
on your task.
(SIGHS)
MAKUCHA:
This is it!
The scent's
getting stronger.
Just follow me!
If you want us
to follow,
stop talking
and start leading!
Fine.
Come on!
Those rare animals
will never know
we're coming!
RANI: Maybe not...
But we know.
Who are you?
We are the Night Pride.
And you have one chance
to turn around
and go back
where you came from.
You should probably
take her offer.
Thanks, but no thanks!
(GROWLING)
With strength and respect...
ALL:
Night Pride protect!
FULI: Kion!
(GASPS) I'm awake.
BUNGA: Why are you
just sitting here?
I'm waiting for a log.
Sounds fun.
Ooh, yeah! It does!
It's really not.
Something's going on.
That owl came to get Rani,
and she just ran off.
Think they could use
some help?
They might. Come on!
Wait! I didn't get
to see a log!
Take your best shot!
(GRUNTS)
(SCOFFS)
Not bad.
(PANTING)
Whose side are you on?
My side, Makucha!
Always!
(LOW GROWLING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GROWLING)
(GASPS)
Get out!
(GRUNTS)
No!
Now leave!
And never come back!
Well done, Night Pride.
Heyvi kabisa!
(GRUNTING)
Kion? Lion Guard?
What are you
doing here?
We came to help?
That's right!
Where are the bad guys?
Let me at 'em!
They're gone.
Defending the Tree of Life
is our job.
And we're good at it.
But...
We don't need your help.
You came for healing.
So stay out of our way,
get healed, and go home.
Besides, it was just
two leopards
and a Komodo dragon.
No big deal.
Two leopards?
And a Komodo dragon?
They didn't even seem
to like each other
very much.
True. Perhaps that is why
they didn't fight
well together.
I don't know.
That big leopard,
Makucha?
He fought pretty good.
What?
We know Makucha.
And probably
the other two.
They must have
followed us here.
They followed you?
I'm really sorry.
This is all our fault.
QUEEN JANNA:
And that is Askari,
when he first discovered
the Roar of the Elders.
I'm glad
you are here, Makini.
It's been some time since
we've had a Royal Mjuzi.
That bakora staff was hers.
Before she completed
her journey on
the Circle of Life.
Oh! It's beautiful.
If you like it,
it's yours now.
Really?
RANI: Grandmother!
Rani?
Is something wrong?
You could say that.
Kion led an army
of predators here!
An army
of predators?
I wouldn't call three
an army.
We never should have
let him in.
I am sorry, Your Majesty.
I had no idea
they were following us.
I doubt they will leave
now that
they have found
the Tree of Life.
At least let me
and the Lion Guard help
with Makucha and...
RANI: No!
I told you!
We can handle it!
Rani?
Sorry, Grandmother.
Thank you for
your offer, Kion.
But Rani is correct.
It is the Night Pride's duty
to protect the Tree of Life.
Yeah, but it's
my fault that...
Kion. You must
help yourself
before you can
help others.
Now go.
And let Nirmala guide you.
After all, that is why
you have come
to the Tree of Life.
(SIGHS) Yes, Your Majesty.
Still no log. (SIGHS)
Nirmala, if you'd let me
do it my way,
I'd have that flower
and be back by now!
Let me guide you, Kion.
Like Queen Janna said.
Argh...
Yes!
Patience, Kion.
Forget it! This time
I'm doing it my way!
If you must.
Whoa. This current
is stronger than it looked.
(GRUNTING)
(PANTING)
NIRMALA:
This way, Kion!
Follow me!
Straight up the slope
looks faster to me.
Whoa.
(GRUNTING)
Almost there...
How's that going
for you?
It's going just...
Fine!
(GROANS)
Where's the flower?
Why didn't you get it
while you were up there?
That is your task, Kion.
It's almost night.
You should get some sleep
while I go on patrol.
Tomorrow is
a very important day.
Yeah? What's gonna
happen tomorrow?
Tomorrow you're going
to try again.
(SIGHS) "Try again.
Try again."
That's all
Nirmala ever says!
Ugh!
But how is falling
into a river
supposed to heal me?
Sounds like fun
to me!
I'm sure tomorrow
will be better.
Kion, you can do anything
you put your mind to.
Yeah! You're Kion!
Leader of the Lion Guard!
You never give up.
Bunga's right.
Yep.
Indeed.
Okay. I'll try again
tomorrow.
Is Kion healed yet?
Rani. You sound
just like him.
It's going to take time.
I hope it doesn't take
too long.
Kion and the Lion Guard
are nothing but trouble.
Speaking of trouble,
look who's back.
They're trying to sneak up
in the dark?
What part of Night Pride
didn't they understand?
Ora! Pick your tail up!
My plan is to sneak in
under cover of darkness.
They won't see us.
But they might hear us!
Nah! We saw you too.
What?
We're the Night Pride.
Remember?
Lada'i!
(ALL GRUNTING)
And this time stay out!
Great plan, Chuluun.
Let's attack
the Night Pride at night.
Yes! Enough
sneaking around!
Next time we will do it
the dragon way!
Go in fast, go in mean,
and bite everything we see!
(YAWNING) Kion?
I'm ready to try again.
Excellent.
And it looks like
I got here just in time.
Patience.
Well done!
Try again.
Good job, Kion!
Now you're getting it!
(ULLU HOOTING)
Nirmala! Rani needs you!
The predators
are attacking again!
I'll come with you.
They followed me here.
Let me help kick them out!
You're the one
in need of help, Kion.
Remember?
Stay focused
and finish your task.
No matter what!
(SIGHS) Stay focused...
Finish the task.
With strength and respect...
ALL:
Night Pride protect!
Now! Hit them hard,
and hit them fast!
I got a better idea.
Let's find another way in!
What? No!
I am in charge!
Remember?
They're trying
to go around us!
Come on.
Dead end.
Now we do it my way.
We stand and fight!
You do it your way.
I'll do it mine!
(GROWLING)
Surak! Look out!
Nice move.
Guys, I'm down.
Hey. That's my little brother
you bit!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Nice work, Ora.
Now it's three
against three.
Made it.
Now where's that flower?
(RANI SCREAMS)
Heyvi kabisa!
The Night Pride.
And Baliyo's down.
Nirmala said to finish
the task.
No matter what.
But now I can help!
(ALL GROWLING)
Baliyo.
(GROWLS)
Kion!
Kion?
Use your Roar thingy!
Send those guys flying!
The Roar? Forget it!
I do not want to get hit
with that Roar again!
Some "leader"
he turned out to be.
Forget him.
Forget attacking.
Kion came down that hill.
So the Tree of Life must be
on the other side.
(BOTH GROWLING)
Surak. Follow Ora.
Make sure he doesn't
double back.
Understood.
Nirmala, get Baliyo
somewhere safe.
Kion, you're with me.
We have to stop them
from getting over that ridge!
Okay.
Kion! The path!
Let Nirmala guide me...
(PANTING)
I hope I get there in time...
What? Kion!
Surprise, Makucha!
(GRUNTING)
Watch it!
(LAUGHING)
You missed!
RANI: I won't!
Whoa!
Nice.
You too.
Now let's make sure
they keep going.
This way!
Don't tell me we missed
the battle again!
Nope. Look.
Ugh! The Lion Guard?
Hey, Makucha, Chuluun.
Remember me?
And my stink?
(FARTING)
(BOTH COUGHING)
Oh, no!
And don't come back.
I guess we make
a pretty good team
after all.
How's Baliyo?
The venom will
wear off eventually.
He will be fine.
You should be
more careful,
little brother.
Not my style.
Nirmala?
I did get the flower.
But it got trampled
in the battle.
You finished the task.
Giving me the flower
wasn't really the point.
Though I would have liked
to have a new flower
to put behind my ear.
Does this mean
Kion's all better?
Does it?
I don't think so.
There's more I have
to do, isn't there?
Yes. You've taken
the first step.
But there's still
a long way to go.
Guess I just need patience.
We would have made it
if Kion had not shown up.
He is trouble.
The whole Lion Guard
is trouble.
We need to get rid of 'em.
Yeah. Especially
that Bunga.
MAMA BINTURONG:
Oh, yes.
Especially "that Bunga."
No one wants
to get rid of him
more than me.
And who are you?
I'm Mama Binturong.
And I'm your new leader.